IBM Power and Z documentation for Quay (#836)
quay/quay-docs: modules/operator-config-ui-access.adoc

[id="operator-config-ui-access"]
= Accessing the config editor

[NOTE]
====

> Config Editor UI has been removed and is not supported in IBM Power and IBM Z.

Reviewer: The rest say "on"

```suggestion
The Config Editor UI has been removed and is not supported on IBM Power and IBM Z.
```

> Config Editor UI has been removed and is not supported in IBM Power and IBM Z.

Reviewer 2: This is true for all arch , but for x86 , they can mention to use old version which is not the case for P & Z

> Config Editor UI has been removed and is not supported in IBM Power and IBM Z.

Author: @dmesser could you please check above ?

> Config Editor UI has been removed and is not supported in IBM Power and IBM Z.

Reviewer: I just updated this. It's not as intricate as it sounds. Simply put: the config editor on the Red Hat Quay Operator was removed for security reasons. The pod no longer spins up, and the endpoint no longer generates on the UI. My PR for this is here: https://github.com/quay/quay-docs/pull/842/files
